<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<title>Credits</title>
  <style type="text/css" title="override_css">
            li { margin-bottom: 8pt; }
  </style>
</head>

<body>
	<p style="text-align: center; padding-bottom: 32pt; padding-top: 8pt;">Credits</p>

	<ul class="dottedList">
	  <li><a href="https://librivox.org/the-odyssey-book-6-by-homer/">The Odyssey, Book 6, read in Ancient Greek by Zoe Dickinson</a>, released in the public domain.</li>

		<li><a href="https://librivox.org/multilingual-poetry-collection-015/">Asclepiades, Epigram 64, read in Ancient Greek by Zoe Dickinson</a>, in <i>Multilingual Poetry Collection 015</i> (librivox.org), released in the public domain.</li>

	<li><a href="https://soundcloud.com/oupacademic/iliad-in-greek-first-100-lines">The Iliad, Book I, Lines 1-100, read in Ancient Greek by Barry B. Powell</a>  (Oxford University Press), licensed under Creative Commons License (by-nc-sa 3.0).</li>

	<li><a href="https://soundcloud.com/oupacademic/the-odyssey-book-1-lines-1-105-in-ancient-greek">The Odyssey, Book 1, Lines 1-105, read in Ancient Greek by Barry B. Powell </a> (Oxford University Press), licensed under Creative Commons License (by-nc-sa 3.0).</li>

	  <li><a href="http://www.labcd.unipi.it/en/home-2/">Laboratorio di Cultura Digitale</a>, Dipartimento di Lettere e Filosofia, Università di Pisa, that hosted the project from Novembre 2019 up until January 2020.</li>
	  <li><a href="https://www.theanimalspot.com/hippopotamus/"><i>Hippopotamus</i></a> at theanimalspot.com.</li>
	  <li>The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License</a>.</li>
	</ul>


<p style="text-align: center; padding-bottom: 0pt; padding-top: 32pt;">Bibliography</p>

<p style="padding: 16px;">Source texts</p>

	<ul class="dottedList">
	<li>The <a href="https://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/text?doc=Perseus:text:1999.01.0133"><i>Iliad</i></a>, The <a href="https://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/text?doc=Perseus%3Atext%3A1999.01.0135%3Abook%3D1%3Acard%3D1"><i>Odyssey</i></a>, and the <a href="http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/morph"><i>Greek Word Study Tool</i></a> at the Perseus Digital Library 4.0 Project</li>

	<li>The <i>Iliad</i> and the <i>Odyssey</i> in the Abridged TLG, <a href="http://stephanus.tlg.uci.edu/index.php"><i>Thesaurus Linguae Graecae</i></a>, University of California, Irvine</li>

	<li><a href="https://scaife.perseus.org/">Scaife Viewer</a> at the Perseus Digital Library, Perseus 5.0</li>
	<li>Wikipedia, <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Greek_phrases"><i>List of Greek phrases</i></a></li>

	</ul>

	<p style="padding: 16px;">Dictionaries</p>

	<ul>
	<li><a href="http://dge.cchs.csic.es/xdge/"><i>Diccionario Griego-Español (DGE)</i></a>, α - ἔξαυος.</li>

	<li>Franco Montanari (2016) <i>GI - Vocabolario della lingua greca</i>. Terza edizione aggiornata.</li>

	<li>The <a href="https://dictionaries.brillonline.com/search"><i>The Brill Dictionary of Ancient Greek</i></a>, edited by: Franco Montanari. First published online: July 2015.</li>

	<li>Chantraine, Pierre (1968) <a href="https://archive.org/details/Dictionnaire-Etymologique-Grec"><i>Dictionnaire étymologique de la langue grecque</i></a>, online version at archive.org</li>

	<li>Robert Beekes, Lucien van Beek (2009) <a href="https://archive.org/details/Dictionnaire-Etymologique-Grec"><i>Etymological Dictionary of Greek</i></a>, Volumes 1-2</li>

	<li>Modern Greek dictionary of Ancient Greek at <a href="https://lsj.gr/wiki/Main_Page"><i>Translatum LSJ</i></a> (containing English, French, Spanish, Russian, Modern Greek translations as well as Woodhouse's English to Ancient Greek dictionary in a wiki format with full, diacritics-insensitive text search).</li>

	</ul>

	<p style="padding: 16px;">Commentaries</p>

	<ul>

	<li>Leaf, Walter (1900) <a href="https://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/text?doc=Perseus:text:1999.04.0056:book=1:commline=1"><i>Commentary on the Iliad</i></a>, online version at perseus.tufts.edu</li>

	<li>Miller, D. Gary (2014) <a href="https://www.degruyter.com/view/title/301032"><i>Ancient Greek Dialects and Early Authors, Introduction to the Dialect Mixture in Homer, with Notes on Lyric and Herodotus</i></a>, De Gruyter</li>

	<li>Seth L. Schein (2020) <i>Formulaic Diction and Contextual Relevance Notes on the Meaning of Formulaic Epithets in Iliad 1</i>, in <a href="https://books.google.it/books?id=1oTxDwAAQBAJ"><i>Text and Intertext in Greek Epic and Drama: Essays in Honor of Margalit Finkelberg</i></a>, ed. J. Price and R. Zelnick-Abramovitz (Routledge: London and New York), pp. 21-36</li>

	</ul>

	<p style="padding: 16px;">Learning resources</p>

	<ul>

	<li>Rydberg-Cox (2013) <a href="https://daedalus.umkc.edu/FirstGreekBook/about/107.1.rydberg-cox.pdf"><i>A Digital Tutorial for Ancient Greek Based
on John Williams White’s First Greek Book</i></a>, in Classical World, vol. 107, no. 1 (2013) Pp.111–137</li>

	<li><a href="https://ancientgreek.pressbooks.com/"><i>Ancient Greek for Everyone</i></a>, Essential Morphology and Syntax for Beginning Greek, by Wilfred E. Major and Michael Laughy (Creative Commons Attribution)</li>

	<li>Francese, Christopher. <a href="http://dcc.dickinson.edu/greek-core-list">Greek Core Vocabulary.</a> Dickinson College Commentaries (2014).</li>

	<li><a href="http://www.poesialatina.it/_ns/Greek/tt2/p/Elenco.html">Testi greci interattivi</a>, poesialatina.it</li>

	<li>Andreas Willi (2018) <i>Origins of the Greek verb</i>, <a href="https://www.cambridge.org/core/books/origins-of-the-greek-verb/augment/D478DDB2C5D84BAB59176D2EEC08B732/core-reader">Chapter 7 - The Augment</a>, pp. 357-416, Cambridge University Press</li>

	<li>Revithiadou, A. (2018) <i>Ancient Greek pitch accent</i></li>

	  <li>Major, Wilfred E. (2008). <a href="https://camws.org/cpl/cplonline/files/Majorcplonline.pdf"><i>It’s Not the Size, It’s the Frequency: The Value of Using a Core Vocabulary in Beginning and Intermediate Greek</i></a>. CPL Online, 4.1, 1-24.  </li>

	</ul>

	<p style="padding: 16px;">Audio recordings</p>

	<ul>

	<li><a href="https://www.udemy.com/course/ancient-greek-phonetics/"><i>Ancient Greek Phonetics</i></a>, Ancient Greek Pronunciation Course by Ifiyenia Spiliotopoulou at Udemy</li>

	<li><a href="https://forvo.com/user/ifspil/pronounced-words/">ifspil</a> user's pronouciations in Ancient Greek at Forvo, the pronunciation dictionary</li>

		<li><a href="https://soundcloud.com/absolute123/piixtmvzplau"><i>Orpheus's Hymn to Hecate</i></a>, recited in reconstructed Ancient Greek pronunciation by Ifiyenia Spiliotopoulou at soundcloud.com/</li>

	<li>Audio recordings of reading of the Iliad book 1 vv.1-125, 133-164 in <a href="https://commons.mtholyoke.edu/hrgs/"><i>Homeric Greek resources</i></a>, For introductory Greek (based on Pharr's <i>Homeric Greek</i>, 4th edition), by Paula Debnar, (Mount Holyoke College), Thalia Pandiri (Smith College) and Barry Spence (University of Massachusetts, Amherst).</li>

	<li>Iliad passages read in <a href="https://soundcloud.com/search?q=%22read%20in%20Greek%20by%22%20Nagy%20OR%20Higbie">Greek by Gregory Nagy and Carolyn Higbie</a> (Harvard Classics), published on SoundCloud</li>

	<li>1997. “<a href="https://classics.fas.harvard.edu/publications/homer-iliad-1457%E2%80%93463-read-carolyn-higbie">Homer, Iliad 1.457–463, read in Greek by Carolyn Higbie</a>”.  Cambridge, MA: Department of the Classics, Harvard University. Recorded at <a href="https://rll.fas.harvard.edu/pages/boylston-hall">Boylston Hall</a>, Audio Engineer: Bill.</li>

	<li>1997. “<a href="https://classics.fas.harvard.edu/publications/homer-iliad-6466%E2%80%93475-read-greek-carolyn-higbie">Homer, Iliad 6.466–475, read in Greek by Carolyn Higbie</a>.” Cambridge, MA: Department of the Classics, Harvard University.</li>

	<li>1997. “<a href="https://classics.fas.harvard.edu/publications/homer-iliad-11%E2%80%9316-read-greek-gregory-nagy">Homer, Iliad 1.1–16 , read in Greek by Gregory Nagy</a>.” Cambridge, MA: Department of the Classics, Harvard University.</li>

	<li>1997. “<a href="https://classics.fas.harvard.edu/publications/homer-iliad-9307%E2%80%93429-read-greek-gregory-nagy">Homer, Iliad 9.307–429, read in Greek by Gregory Nagy</a>.” Cambridge, MA: Department of the Classics, Harvard University.</li>

	<li>1997. “<a href="https://classics.fas.harvard.edu/publications/homer-iliad-18478%E2%80%93519-read-greek-gregory-nagy">Homer, Iliad 18.478–519, read in Greek by Gregory Nagy</a>.” Cambridge, MA: Department of the Classics, Harvard University.</li>

	<li>1997. “<a href="https://classics.fas.harvard.edu/publications/homer-iliad-24468%E2%80%93516-read-greek-gregory-nagy">Homer, Iliad 24.468–516, read in Greek by Gregory Nagy</a>.” Cambridge, MA: Department of the Classics, Harvard University.</li>

	<li><a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/Podium-arts/videos">Samples</a> of audiobooks of Ancient Greek texts read in reconstructed pronunciation by Ioannis Stratakis</li>

	<li><a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/Podium-arts/videos"><i>Reconstructed Ancient Greek Spoken (Iliad and Euclid)</i></a> by youtube user Quellant</li>

	<li><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBaEWLNXOJ8"><i>Odyssey a1-10, in ancient Greek pronunciation/prosody.</i></a> Taught by Ant.K.Lavdas, spoken by G Moutsios.</li>

	<li>Thucydides' <i>Peloponnesian War</i> read in original Ancient Greek, Audio Book 1, <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJEy3JqKZK8">Sections 1-32</a> by youtube user Living Ancient Greece.</li>

	<li><i>Spoken Greek Prose - Thucydides * Demosthenes * Plato</i>, by F.R. Dale / D.A. Raeburn, <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWv04vt8rrk">Side A</a> (Thucydides II, 65, 5-13, Demosthenes, <i>Philippic I</i>, 40-42, Demosthenes, <i>De Corona</i>, 199-205) and <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a40kHaebm80">Side B</a> (Plato B1 <i>Apologia Socratis</i>, 41C8-42 (End), B2 <i>Phaedo</i>, 117A4-End, B3 <i>Republic III</i>, 401B1-D3, B4 <i>Republic V</i>, 473C8-E2), Label: Discourses ‎– DCL 1003, Format: Vinyl, LP, 10", Mono</li>

	</ul>

	<p style="padding: 16px;">Other resources</p>

	<ul>

	<li><a href="https://www.theonion.com/historians-admit-to-inventing-ancient-greeks-1819571808"><i>Historians Admit To Inventing Ancient Greeks</i></a>, The Onion, 10/07/2010</li>

	<li><a href="https://www.athenanova.it/blog/didattica-greco-latino/come-si-studia-la-grammatica-del-greco-antico/"><i>Come si studia la grammatica del greco antico?</i></a>, Fabio Copani, Dec 15th, 2017</li>

	  <li>https://www.translatum.gr/forum/index.php?topic=465165.0</li>
	  <li>https://www.lexilogos.com/english/greek_ancient_dictionary.htm</li>
	  <li>http://homermultitext.blogspot.com/2013/06/iliad-8-scholia-on-mythological.html</li>
	  <li>https://latinygriegojanda.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/orfeo-y-euridice.pdf</li>
	  <li>https://www.cornellcollege.edu/classical_studies/ariadne/audio/index.shtml</li>
	  <li>https://soundcloud.com/archaeologymag/what-ancient-greek-music</li>
	  <li>https://sites.google.com/site/materialesathenaze/ho-dikaiopolis</li>
	  <li>http://aliso.pntic.mec.es/agalle17/trabajo_final/cap4.html</li>
  
	</ul>
</body>
</html>