<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>Introduction</title>
</head>

<body>
<h3 style="text-align: center; padding-bottom: 24px;">Short Introduction</h3>

<p>Click on the Greek text to hear it spoken! </p>
<p>(Some quotes still don't have sound 'though).</p>

<h3 style="text-align: center; padding-bottom: 24px; padding-top: 24px;">Longer introduction</h3>

<p>Discover great classic quotes and hear them spoken in Ancient Greek!
The quotes are grouped by topic, and start from minimal very short phrases to longer passages. For each you can see a translation, the reference to the original author and work, and some linguistic notes.</p>

<p>The idea is to take advantage of the natural learning process of a language, through the hearing, which is the most effective way of memorization. Seeing the text at the same time as your hear it imprints it better into memory.</p>

<p>In part 2, which is a separate ebook, longer texts are given (without notes or translation), which are automatically played as an audiobook, while the currently playing phrase gets highlighted. (This uses epub3 new media overlays functionality).</p>

<p>This is a work in progress, both in the selection of quotes but most of all for the addition of new voice recordings of people reading in Greek. If you'd like to send your recordings for future updates, or to join, collaborate, or just send comments, please get in touch by email or from the contacts section of the website.</p>

<p>We think this is about experimenting, so we encourage even total beginners to Greek to try record themselves while reading. If you need help with that, please get in touch and we'll try to give all the support. In any case, we believe more than pronunciation rules (which for Greek are only partial reconstructions anyway), what ultimately is more fun and valuable, is when a reader gives his/her own reading interpretation, even ignoring any prescribed pronunciation rules.</p>

<p>The project stemmed from the authors’ own wish to learn Greek, and realizing that there were no resources to learn it the way they wanted, by hearing it spoken. We think that as a side effect, a project like this could broaden the potential audience interested in Ancient Greek, by making it more accessible.</p>

<p>So we welcome everyone to send us their recordings through the website, through librivox, or even better, if you can come to Italy, to come visit and record with us in our studio!</p>

<p>Remember, this is about forever carving your voice on the immortal words of the classics :)</p>

<p><br/>See also: <a href="Credits.xhtml">Credits and references.</a></p>
</body>
</html>